c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Ruberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EloixClientCS.dll
C:\Users\Ruberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\NewProfilDialog.baml
C:\Users\Ruberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\NewProfilDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Ruberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Ruberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
C:\Users\Ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ruberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
